(DOCSP-26638): new create, read, update, and delete pages (#2398)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/react-native/realm-database/crud/update.txt

-------------------------------

> The examples on this page use the following schemas:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The examples on this page use the following schema:
```

.. tabs-realm-languages::
      
   .. tab::
      :tabid: typescript
      
      .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/react-native/ts/Task.snippet.ts-task-schema.ts
         :language: typescript

   .. tab::
      :tabid: javascript

      .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/react-native/js/Task.snippet.js-task-schema.js
         :language: javascript

.. _react-native-update-an-object:

Update an Object
----------------

> You can add, modify, or delete properties of a Realm object inside of a
> :ref:`write transaction <react-native-write-transactions>` in the same way that
> you would update any other JavaScript object.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion for clarity.
```suggestion
You can add, modify, or delete properties of a Realm object in the same way that
you would update any other JavaScript object. But, you must do it inside of a
:ref:`write transaction <react-native-write-transactions>`.
```

> In the following example of a ``TaskItem`` component, we:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update an object, we have to do a few things:
```

#. Get access to the opened realm instance by calling the ``useRealm()`` hook within the component. 

> #. Retrieve a task by calling ``useObject()` with "Task" and the ``_id`` parameter of the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Retrieve a task by calling ``useObject()`` with "Task" and the ``_id`` parameter of the component.
```

Upsert an Object
----------------

To upsert an object within a write transaction, call :js-sdk:`Realm.create()
<Realm.html#create>` with the update mode set to ``modified``. The operation
either inserts a new object with the given primary key or updates an existing
object that already has that primary key.

.. note:: Upserting Requires ``Realm.create()``

>    While you can create new :js-sdk:`Realm Objects <Realm.Object.html>` by
>    calling the :mdn:`new <Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/new>` operator
>    within a write transaction, you **must** call ``Realm.create()`` to upsert an
>    object.

Reviewer: Suggestion for clarity. It's good to put the critical info first.

```suggestion
   You **must** call ``Realm.create()`` within a write transaction to upsert an object. 
   This is different than creating a new :js-sdk:`Realm Objects <Realm.Object.html>` by
   calling the :mdn:`new <Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/new>` operator.
```

> In the following example of a ``CreateTaskItem`` component we:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upsert an object, we need to do a few things:
```

#. Get access to the opened realm instance by calling the ``useRealm()`` hook within the component. 
#. Perform a write transaction, and :ref:`create <react-native-create-a-new-object>` a ``Task`` object with an ``_id`` value of ``1234``.

> #. Call `` Realm.create()`` inside the write transaction to upsert a ``Task`` object by specifying the same ``_id`` and a different``progressMinutes`` and the update mode set to "modified".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Call ``Realm.create()`` inside the write transaction to upsert a ``Task`` object by specifying the same ``_id`` and a different``progressMinutes`` and the update mode set to "modified".
```

To apply an update to a collection of objects, iterate through the collection
(e.g. with :mdn:`for...of
<Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/for...of>`). In the loop, update each object individually.

In the following example of a ``TaskDashboard`` component, we:

#. Get access to the opened realm instance by calling the ``useRealm()`` hook within the component.

> #. Retrieve all tasks in the realm instance by passing "Task" to the ``useQuery()`` hook.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Retrieve all tasks in the realm instance by passing ``Task`` to the ``useQuery()`` hook.
```

To apply an update to a collection of objects, iterate through the collection
(e.g. with :mdn:`for...of
<Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/for...of>`). In the loop, update each object individually.

> In the following example of a ``TaskDashboard`` component, we:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To bulk update a collection, we need to do a few things:
```

#. Get access to the opened realm instance by calling the ``useRealm()`` hook within the component.
#. Retrieve all tasks in the realm instance by passing "Task" to the ``useQuery()`` hook.

> #. Create a component method resetProgressOnAllTasks() that performs a write transaction. Within that write transaction, we bulk update all tasks by looping through them using ``for...of`` and set their ``progressMinutes`` to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Create a component method ``resetProgressOnAllTasks()`` that performs a write transaction. Within that write transaction, we bulk update all tasks by looping through them using ``for...of`` and set their ``progressMinutes`` to 0.
```
